https://codepen.io/John-L/pen/QWdMeVL?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
elements with plainer meaning   
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    to mark up files and build the framework for the site

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
     are used to include info on the page that we don’t want to show up on the webpage to the user (like href, or src)
     usually within the tags

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    it is used to mark up the most important part of the page, usually a main header. Only use it once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    anchor, image, font

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
the title element

    7. What is an id? 
it is a unique div should only be used once

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    content elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once

    10. What is a class? 
its a div element often used for styling, can be referred to multiple times

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    pretty much anything

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as much as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
set the target ="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    specifies an alternate text for an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
#idname

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section contains formatting and is a structural element. Div is a generic container

    17. What is CSS used for? 
to style HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}

    

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
ID used only once, unique: (used for the h1 maybe)
class can be used multiple times, mostly used for css. (class can be used to style all the lists of food in a website)

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
parent child selectors allow us to be more specific so that we can ensure our styling is being set the the exact specifications we want. 
useful when having lots of similar data that we want to style differently

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar-div : a:link

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
selectors that only apply sometimes like :hover (they have a : before them)

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing: 3px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: uppercase; capitalize; lowercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{
    border-width: 2px;
    border-style: dotted;
    border-color: black;
    or
    border: 2px dotted black;
}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/*  */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls  

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
git rm <filename> cuz it aint comming back

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    So I don't lose my work and will be able to return to it at any point if the code breaks. It's checkpoints for our work.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
Once for all eternity. but if only if you're into monogamy.
at least a couple of times every hour, or when you add a significant new feature

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push <repoName> <branchName>

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork, clone the github repo, cd to directory, git clone in gitbash, cd to repo, create branch in gitbash, add, commit, push, pull request on forked copy, not lambda one.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 